             Gmsh is copyright (C) 1997-2010

                   Christophe Geuzaine
                 <cgeuzaine at ulg.ac.be>

                           and

                  Jean-Francois Remacle
          <jean-francois.remacle at uclouvain.be>

Code contributions to Gmsh have been provided by David Colignon
(colormaps), Emilie Marchandise (compound geometrical entities),
Gaetan Bricteux (Gauss integration and levelsets), Jacques Lechelle
(DIFFPACK mesh format), Jonathan Lambrechts (fields, solver), Jozef
Vesely (Tetgen), Koen Hillewaert (high order elements), Laurent
Stainier (eigenvalue solvers, tensor display and MacOS bits), Marc Ume
(original list code), Mark van Doesburg (Open CASCADE face
connection), Matt Gundry (Plot3d mesh format), Matti Pellikka
(Homology), Nicolas Tardieu (Netgen), Pascale Noyret (MED mesh
format), Pierre Badel (root finding and minimization), Ruth Sabariego
(pyramids), Stephen Guzik (CGNS and partitioners), Bastien Gorissen
(parallel remote), Eric Bechet (solver). See comments in the sources
for more information. If we forgot to list your contributions please
send us an email!

The AVL tree code (Common/avl.*) and the YUV image code
(Graphics/gl2yuv.*) are copyright (C) 1988-1993, 1995 The Regents of
the University of California. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
the name of the University of California not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,
written prior permission. The University of California makes no
representations about the suitability of this software for any
purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The trackball code (Graphics/Trackball.*) is copyright (C) 1993, 1994,
Silicon Graphics, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose and without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in
all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of
Silicon Graphics, Inc. not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written
prior permission.

The GIF and PPM routines (Graphics/gl2gif.cpp) are based on code
copyright (C) 1989, 1991, Jef Poskanzer. Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any
purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The colorbar widget (Fltk/Colorbar_Window.cpp) was inspired by code
from the Vis5d program for visualizing five dimensional gridded data
sets, copyright (C) 1990-1995, Bill Hibbard, Brian Paul, Dave Santek,
and Andre Battaiola.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/ANN
subdirectory) copyright (C) 1997-2005 University of Maryland and Sunil
Arya and David Mount: check the configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/Chaco
subdirectory) written by Bruce Hendrickson and Robert Leland at Sandia
National Laboratories under US Department of Energy contract
DE-AC04-76DP00789 and is copyrighted by Sandia Corporation: check the
configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/Fl_Tree
subdirectory), copyright (C) 2009 Greg Ercolano: check the
configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/gmm
subdirectory) copyright (C) 2002-2008 Yves Renard: check the
configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/MathEx
subdirectory) based in part on the work of the SSCILIB Library,
copyright (C) 2000-2003 Sadao Massago: check the configuration
options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/Metis
subdirectory) written by George Karypis (karypis at cs.umn.edu),
copyright (C) 1998 Regents of the University of Minnesota: check the
configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/mpeg_encode
subdirectory) copyright (c) 1995 The Regents of the University of
California: check the configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the
contrib/NativeFileChooser subdirectory), copyright (C) 2004 Greg
Ercolano: check the configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/Netgen
subdirectory) copyright (C) 1994-2004 Joachim Sch"oberl: check the
configuration options.

This version of Gmsh may contain code (in the contrib/Tetgen
subdirectory) copyright (C) 2002-2007 Hang Si: check the configuration
options.

Special thanks to Bill Spitzak, Michael Sweet, Matthias Melcher, Greg
Ercolano and others for the Fast Light Tool Kit on which Gmsh's GUI is
based. See http://www.fltk.org for more info on this excellent
object-oriented, cross-platform toolkit.

Special thanks also to EDF for funding the Open CASCADE and MED
integration.

Thanks to the following folks who have contributed by providing fresh
ideas on theoretical or programming topics, who have sent patches,
requests for changes or improvements, or who gave us access to exotic
machines for testing Gmsh: Juan Abanto, Olivier Adam, Guillaume
Alleon, Laurent Champaney, Pascal Dupuis, Patrick Dular, Philippe
Geuzaine, Johan Gyselinck, Francois Henrotte, Benoit Meys, Nicolas
Moes, Osamu Nakamura, Chad Schmutzer, Jean-Luc Fl'ejou, Xavier
Dardenne, Christophe Prud'homme, Sebastien Clerc, Jose Miguel Pasini,
Philippe Lussou, Jacques Kools, Bayram Yenikaya, Peter Hornby, Krishna
Mohan Gundu, Christopher Stott, Timmy Schumacher, Carl Osterwisch,
Bruno Frackowiak, Philip Kelleners, Romuald Conty, Renaud Sizaire,
Michel Benhamou, Tom De Vuyst, Kris Van den Abeele, Simon Vun, Simon
Corbin, Thomas De-Soza, Marcus Drosson, Antoine Dechaume, Jose Paulo
Moitinho de Almeida, Thomas Pinchard, Corrado Chisari, Axel Hackbarth,
Peter Wainwright, Jiri Hnidek, Thierry Thomas, Konstantinos Poulios,
Laurent Van Miegroet, Shahrokh Ghavamian.
